Add competition wrapup email (#20)
srobo/team-emails: SR2019/2019-04-23-competition-wrap-up.md

---

![Competition Photo](https://studentrobotics.org/images/content/news/sr2019/sr2019-photo.jpg)

Hi all,

First off, we'd like to thank you for taking part in Student Robotics 2019 and making it such a successful event! An article about the competition, results, and game has been [posted on our website](https://studentrobotics.org/news/2019-04-09-sr2019-tlc-crowned-champion/).

Congratulation again to our winners:

|        Prize          |            Team
|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------
| 1st Place             | [The Ladies' College Guernsey](http://www.ladiescollege.com/)
| 2nd Place             | [Hills Road Sixth Form College](http://www.hillsroad.ac.uk/)
| 3rd Place             | [Hampton School](https://hamptonschool.org.uk/) and [Lady Eleanor Holles School](https://www.lehs.org.uk/)
| Rookie Award          | [Eltham College](https://www.elthamcollege.london/)
| Committee Award       | [South Wilts Grammar School](https://www.swgs.wilts.sch.uk/)
| Robot and Team Image  | [Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School](https://www.habsboys.org.uk/)
| Online Presence       | [Collyer's](https://www.collyers.ac.uk/)

## Event Photos

> We've collected together all the media together into [an album](https://photos.app.goo.gl/8vtBZiuM8FXSf79Z8). If you wish to use and republish any of the photos in college material, please be sure to attribute them to the person who took it, which is shown at the bottom of the preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Event Media

If you'd like some mementos of the competition or would just like to see the photos which were taken, we've collected them all together into [this photo album](https://photos.app.goo.gl/8vtBZiuM8FXSf79Z8).

The livestream of the matches also remains available on youtube ([Day 1][livestream-day-1], [Day 2][livestream-day-2]) and we've compiled a video [of the final][final-video].

[livestream-day-1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPk0i3ndPmA
[livestream-day-2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS-CUiA_nLo
[final-video]: TODO
```

We'd love to get your feedback on how the competition went for you this year, so we know what we did well, and where we can improve. Please complete the below short, anonymous survey. We also invite you to share this feedback form with your team members, and anyone else who attended the event.

[Send us feedback](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfiJj1awnQbZyGQnavTH4HCNBmRvxeXFZc9v2Q-nsGxtXByCQ/viewform?usp=sf_link)

## Outstanding kit

If you still have some of our kit, please securely send it the address listed on [our website](https://studentrobotics.org/contact/), and let us know so we can expect it and collate it together.

If you were given permission to hold on to your kit after the competition, you already know when to get your kits back to us. For all other outstanding kit, please return to us as soon as possible, especially if you were unable to attend the competition.

## Future Events

We hope to run a competition next year and see you all there. We plan to open places around September and will let you know as soon as they are.

In the mean time, be sure to follow us on Twitter [@StudentRobotics](https://twitter.com/studentrobotics).

### Volunteering

> Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds, many of whom are former competitors. We're all volunteers who give our spare time to make these events possible. If you know anyone who may be interested in volunteering, please ask them to [sign up to be a blue-shirt](https://studentrobotics.org/volunteer/).

Reviewer: Nit: I've always rendered blueshirt as a single word when referring to volunteers.
```suggestion
Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds, many of whom are former competitors. We're all volunteers who give our spare time to make these events possible. If you know anyone who may be interested in volunteering, please ask them to [sign up to be a blueshirt](https://studentrobotics.org/volunteer/).
```

Author: Looks like the website does too

---
to: Student Robotics 2019
subject: Final competition details
---

![Competition Photo](https://studentrobotics.org/images/content/news/sr2019/sr2019-photo.jpg)

Hi all,

> First off, we'd like to thank you for taking part in Student Robotics 2019 and making it such a successful event! An article about the competition, results, and game has been [posted on our website](https://studentrobotics.org/news/2019-04-09-sr2019-tlc-crowned-champion/)

Reviewer: nit: full stop at the end of the sentence.
```suggestion
First off, we'd like to thank you for taking part in Student Robotics 2019 and making it such a successful event! An article about the competition, results, and game has been [posted on our website](https://studentrobotics.org/news/2019-04-09-sr2019-tlc-crowned-champion/).
```

Congratulation again to our winners:

> |        Prize          |            Team

Reviewer: Suggestion: I don't know how much control we have over the HTML in the sent emails, but it might be an idea to borrow the hover-text approach used in the news article so that hovering the prizes shows a description of what they were for?

I'm not sure this will work in all email clients though.

Author: I don't think there's quite that much control, i'm also about 99% sure it won't render correctly in email clients, those things are weird!

|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------
| 1st Place             | [The Ladies' College Guernsey](http://www.ladiescollege.com/)
| 2nd Place             | [Hills Road Sixth Form College](http://www.hillsroad.ac.uk/)

> | 3rd Place             | [Hampton School](https://hamptonschool.org.uk/) and [Lady Eleanor Holles School](https://www.lehs.org.uk/)

Reviewer: Maybe co-ordinate with @antoinepetty on how to make it clearer that this _isn't_ a tied position?

Author: I just copied the table exactly from the website. I suspect putting in TLAs might help with this?

Reviewer: I mostly agree on adding the TLAs -- that was my suggestion for the website. The minor gotcha is that "HAM: Hampton School and Lady Eleanor Holles School" could easily read as an accidentally omitted TLA.

The alternative I'd been wondering about was "HAM: <Hampton> and <Lady Eleanor Holles> Schools" or even "HAM: Lady Eleanor Holles School and Hampton School".
The latter has the benefit that it feels just a bit more likely to be clear that it's a joint team (since I'd hope people could work out that the TLA usually relates to the school name and that HAM is derived from Hampton), but that still doesn't feel like a perfect solution.

Author: I've updated the wording so that the photos get attributed back to the person who took them. (or at least, who uploaded them to Google). I suspect this is as good as we can get it.

Author: It's an interesting one. Seeing as it's currently live on the website as this, I think it's probably best to just leave this as-is. For the sake of this email, it's probably fine. If we want to get this as correct as possible, we should target thoughts towards the website instead.

| Rookie Award          | [Eltham College](https://www.elthamcollege.london/)
| Committee Award       | [South Wilts Grammar School](https://www.swgs.wilts.sch.uk/)
| Robot and Team Image  | [Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School](https://www.habsboys.org.uk/)
| Online Presence       | [Collyer's](https://www.collyers.ac.uk/)

## Event Photos

> We've collected together all the media together into 1 album. If you wish to use and republish any of the photos in college material, please be sure to attribute them to [Student Robotics](https://studentrobotics.org).

Reviewer: Does our media consent actually allow others to use those images? If not, we probably shouldn't encourage it.

I'm also not sure that this attribution is correct, unless we've heard from the individuals concerned that they're willing to hand over the rights to SR (which I wouldn't have expected).

Author: > I give myconsent for Student Robotics to use the images and sounds, to store, reproduce, publish and broadcast them in themanner and context and in conjunction with such sounds, images and captions as Student Robotics deems fit.

Hmm, my reading of this is that SR can use the images, it doens't talk about anyone else. Although the final part about "as Student Robotics deems fit" makes me think it _could_ be extended. Thoughts?

Regarding usage rights for photos, hmm I think that's true. The SR website has attributed images to the individuals, so I suspect that's what we'd need to do too. Google Photos lets you see who uploaded a photo, but i've uploaded some on other's behalf, so i'd need to go back and fix that.

Reviewer: I see what you mean. Generally I think I'd expect that passing on to a third party for sub-licensing would be explicitly mentioned though.

Author: I've updated the wording so that the photos get attributed back to the person who took them. (or at least, who uploaded them to Google). I suspect this is as good as we can get it.

Reviewer: It's not the (copyright) attribution I was concerned with here, rather the media consent side. We have permission _for us_ to use the images. I don't think we have permission either for others to use them nor for us to permit others to use them.
As a result, I don't think we should be encouraging the use by others of images which prominently feature people.

Author: In hindsight I think I agree, which is really unfortunate. It's also annoying since we setup the photo studio. Thoughts on either emailing each team their own photos, or extracting them all into a separate album, and asking each team to only use the photos of them?

Reviewer: I don't think there's an issue with advertising that we have an album of photos that they might wish to look at.

The issue I had was that the wording seemed to be encouraging viewers to use the images themselves, which was what I was worried about. If we're not encouraging further use then it's up to the individuals to check out that they've got the proper rights to an image.

(caveat of course: I am not a Lawyer)

Reviewer: I've proposed an alternative wording which just advertises the media without encouraging re-use at https://github.com/srobo/team-emails/pull/20/files#r279157970.

Reviewer: https://github.com/srobo/team-emails/pull/20/commits/ab455379ad177ee3c14d214b46ffb1f6212b5826

> We've collected together all the media together into 1 album. If you wish to use and republish any of the photos in college material, please be sure to attribute them to [Student Robotics](https://studentrobotics.org).

Reviewer: Maybe inline the link (and use words for small numbers in prose):
```suggestion
We've collected together all the media together into [an album](https://photos.app.goo.gl/8vtBZiuM8FXSf79Z8). If you wish to use and republish any of the photos in college material, please be sure to attribute them to [Student Robotics](https://studentrobotics.org).
```
(and then drop the "Album link" below).

[Album link](https://photos.app.goo.gl/8vtBZiuM8FXSf79Z8)

## Feedback

> We'd love to get your feedback on how the competition went for you this year, so we know what we did well, and where we can improve. Please complete the below short, anonymous survey. We also invite you to share this feedback form with your team members, and anyone else who attended the event.

Reviewer: "short". lol.

Author: _ish_

[Send us feedback](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfiJj1awnQbZyGQnavTH4HCNBmRvxeXFZc9v2Q-nsGxtXByCQ/viewform?usp=sf_link)

## Outstanding kit

If you still have some of our kit, please securely send it the address listed on [our website](https://studentrobotics.org/contact/), and let us know so we can expect it and collate it together.

If you were given permission to hold on to your kit after the competition, you already know when to get your kits back to us. For all other outstanding kit, please return to us as soon as possible, especially if you were unable to attend the competition.

## Future Events

> We hope to run a competition next year and see you all there. We plan to open places around September, but will let you know as soon as they are.

Reviewer: Perhaps "and" rather than "but" here? I can't explain why grammatically, but I think it would read better.
```suggestion
We hope to run a competition next year and see you all there. We plan to open places around September and will let you know as soon as they are.
```

> In the mean time, be sure to follow us on Twitter [@StudentRobotics](https://twitter.com/studentrobotics).

Reviewer: For my understanding: are we planning to actually put anything out on Twitter, or is this just because that's a mechanism we'll use to advertise us opening places?

Author: We'll probably advertise places opening on Twitter, yes. It's also just a good forum to keep an eye on what SR are doing in general.

### Volunteering

> Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds. We're all volunteers who give our spare times to make these events possible. If you know any competitors who may be interested in volunteering, please ask them to sign up to be a blue-shirt.

Reviewer: Suggestion: if we rework this to say that a number of current volunteers are former competitors then we can expand the call-to-action to "anyone" rather than just "any competitor". Thoughts?

This might look something like:
```suggestion
Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds, many of whom are former competitors. We're all volunteers who give our spare times to make these events possible. If you know anyone who may be interested in volunteering, please ask them to sign up to be a blue-shirt.
```

> Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds. We're all volunteers who give our spare times to make these events possible. If you know any competitors who may be interested in volunteering, please ask them to sign up to be a blue-shirt.

Reviewer: Suggestion: inline the link so that the call-to-action text is the link:
```suggestion
Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds. We're all volunteers who give our spare times to make these events possible. If you know any competitors who may be interested in volunteering, please ask them to [sign up to be a blue-shirt](https://studentrobotics.org/volunteer/).
```

> Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds. We're all volunteers who give our spare times to make these events possible. If you know any competitors who may be interested in volunteering, please ask them to sign up to be a blue-shirt.

Reviewer: nit: I'm fairly sure that "spare time" is always singular
```suggestion
Student Robotics is powered by a collection of passionate individuals with varying skills from diverse backgrounds. We're all volunteers who give our spare time to make these events possible. If you know any competitors who may be interested in volunteering, please ask them to sign up to be a blue-shirt.
```

## Feedback

We'd love to get your feedback on how the competition went for you this year, so we know what we did well, and where we can improve. Please complete the below short, anonymous survey. We also invite you to share this feedback form with your team members, and anyone else who attended the event.

[Send us feedback](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfiJj1awnQbZyGQnavTH4HCNBmRvxeXFZc9v2Q-nsGxtXByCQ/viewform?usp=sf_link)

## Outstanding kit

If you still have some of our kit, please securely send it the address listed on [our website](https://studentrobotics.org/contact/), and let us know so we can expect it and collate it together.

If you were given permission to hold on to your kit after the competition, you already know when to get your kits back to us. For all other outstanding kit, please return to us as soon as possible, especially if you were unable to attend the competition.

## Future Events

We hope to run a competition next year and see you all there. We plan to open places around September and will let you know as soon as they are.

In the mean time, be sure to follow us on Twitter [@StudentRobotics](https://twitter.com/studentrobotics).

> ### Volunteering

Reviewer: Is it intentional that this is a level 3 heading rather than level 2? (Currently it's logically a sub-part of "Future Events")

Author: It was intentional, yes. A subtle link between future events an volunteer recruitment.
